docs/roadmap.md, before:

Urban Gardens roadmap
========================

[< Return to index](README.md)

This is the roadmap document for the *urbangarden* project. It describes the
remaining work to do until version *1.0*.

## Versioning

For transparency into our release cycle and in striving to maintain backward
compatibility, all project components are maintained under
[the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/).

## 1.0

First version of urban gardens site must have a basic administration for users and a first version of frontend, where users can share his gardens photos, posts, calendars and so on. To get it we need to focus in two basic pillars, administration and frontend.

MVP administration

- [ ] Install an administration template. Bootstrap template is a good option.
- [ ] Basic login page and basic users authentication system.
- [ ] Blog post administration:
	- [ ] Insert a post.
	- [ ] Modify a post.
	- [ ] Delete a post.
	- [ ] View all user posts list.

MVP frontend

- [ ] Search and install a free template. This templates needs to have a blog - look&feel.
- [ ] Build a logo.
- [ ] Build a home with some basic resources. We can begin with:
	- [ ] List of latest registered users.
	- [ ] Latest posts.
- [ ] Define the urls.
	- [ ] Urls for blogs: For example: /jackjohnson/blog and /johnjackson/blog.
	- [ ] Urls for public calendars: For example: /jackjohnson/calendar and /johnjackson/calendar.
- [ ] Blog posts:
	- [ ] Show a list of posts
	- [ ] Show a page with post with all available data.
- [ ] Calendars
	- [ ] Show a user calendar with all events (only for public calendars)

Commit message:

Added second milestone to roadmap

docs/roadmap.md, after:

Urban Gardens roadmap
========================

[< Return to index](README.md)

This is the roadmap document for the *urbangarden* project. It describes the
remaining work to do until version *1.0*.

## Versioning

For transparency into our release cycle and in striving to maintain backward
compatibility, all project components are maintained under
[the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/).

## 1.0

First version of urban gardens site must have a basic administration for users and a first version of frontend, where users can share his gardens photos, posts, calendars and so on. To get it we need to focus in two basic pillars, administration and frontend.

MVP administration

- [ ] Install an administration template. Bootstrap template is a good option.
- [ ] Basic login page and basic users authentication system.
- [ ] Blog post administration:
	- [ ] Insert a post.
	- [ ] Modify a post.
	- [ ] Delete a post.
	- [ ] View all user posts list.

MVP frontend

- [ ] Search and install a free template. This templates needs to have a blog - look&feel.
- [ ] Build a logo.
- [ ] Build a home with some basic resources. We can begin with:
	- [ ] List of latest registered users.
	- [ ] Latest posts.
- [ ] Define the urls.
	- [ ] Urls for blogs: For example: /jackjohnson/blog and /johnjackson/blog.
	- [ ] Urls for public calendars: For example: /jackjohnson/calendar and /johnjackson/calendar.
- [ ] Blog posts:
	- [ ] Show a list of posts
	- [ ] Show a page with post with all available data.
	
## 2.0

In second version we will add calendar support. With this resource users can put events in the calendar.
This calendar may be public or private.

Administration

- [ ] Calendar
	- [ ] Activate calendar
	- [ ] Manage calendar privacity (public or private)
	- [ ] Manage calendar events
		- [ ] Create an event
		- [ ] Modify an event
		- [ ] Remove an event

Frontend

- [ ] Calendars
	- [ ] Show a user calendar with all events (only for public calendars)
